Translation corrections (#443)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_012.txt

//r…巴も、当時否定したというのは半分嘘だった。本当は気恥かしさと、そして塚田自身の気持ちがわからない覚束なさからそうだと言い切れなくて、言葉を濁していただけだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…巴も、当時否定したというのは半分嘘だった。本当は気恥かしさと、そして塚田自身の気持ちがわからない覚束なさからそうだと言い切れなくて、言葉を濁していただけだ。",

> 			NULL, "...Tomoe, too, was half-lying when she said she denied it at the time. She really was embarrassed and didn't fully understand Tsukada's feelings, so she was rather vague with her words.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...Tomoe, too, was half-lying when she said she denied it at the time. She really was embarrassed and didn't fully understand Tsukada's feelings, so she kept her words rather vague.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe2350", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…昔はよく、こうして一緒に帰りましたね」",

> 			NULL, "\"...Back in the old days, we often used to go home together like this, didn't we.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Back in the old days, we often used to go home together like this, didn't we?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r彼女の知る塚田理は、自信家でふてぶてしくて、…多少の困難では挫けない人だった。それがここまで後ろ向きの言をもらすのは、よほどの壁に今ぶつかっているのだろうか。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "彼女の知る塚田理は、自信家でふてぶてしくて、…多少の困難では挫けない人だった。それがここまで後ろ向きの言をもらすのは、よほどの壁に今ぶつかっているのだろうか。",

> 			NULL, "The Osamu Tsukada she knew was confident and flirtatious... not someone to be frustrated by hardship. Was he hitting such a huge wall here that he was adopting such a negative view?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The Osamu Tsukada she knew was confident and flirtatious... not someone to be frustrated by hardship. Was he hitting such a huge wall here to make him adopt such a negative view?", Line_Normal);
```

//r初めて聞く名称と、…これまで関わってきた夏美たちを結び付ける地名が塚田の口から吐き出されて、巴は愕然と目を見開く。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "初めて聞く名称と、…これまで関わってきた夏美たちを結び付ける地名が塚田の口から吐き出されて、巴は愕然と目を見開く。",

> 			NULL, "Hearing Tsukada spit that name out... and for the first time relating it to a place so deeply connected to Natsumi and Reina, widened Tomoe's eyes with shock.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Hearing Tsukada spit that name out... and for the first time relating it to a place so deeply connected to Natsumi and Reina, had Tomoe's eyes open wide in shock.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe2407", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「それを認め、仲介して、さらなる悲劇を引き起こす火種を作りながら、あえて見て見ぬふりをしている死の商人たちの存在は、あなたが最も嫌う人種だったはず！」",

> 			NULL, "\"To recognize that, mediate it, and turn a blind eye to it while lighting a fire that will cause more tragedy makes them merchants of death! The  kind of people you were supposed to hate the most!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"To recognize that, mediate it, and turn a blind eye to it while lighting a fire that will cause more tragedy makes them merchants of death! The kind of people you should've hated most!!\"", Line_Normal);
```
